ALEC:  Previously,
on Shadowhunters...
It's here.
It's the Mortal Mirror.
Valentine still
has the Soul Sword.
- You knew about the sword?
- I just found out.
You looked me straight
in the eye and lied.
We can't trust the Clave.
We're going to need the
Seelie Queen's help.
I'll arrange a
trip to the court.
I'm ready to take a chance.
Do you think the paddle
boats are still open?
I think so.
I found a single hair in
the bottom of the box.
You're Jonathan.
That's very, very impressive.
Your tracking skills.
Isabelle has taught
you very well.
Perhaps a little too well.
(GRUNTING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
♪
(GRUNTING)
AHH!
(CRACKING)
CLARY: Lindsay...
Hey, have you seen Alec?
(HEAVY BREATHING)
He should be in his office.
I just saw him there.
Is everything OK?
CLARY: Yeah, Jace and I just...
need to update him on something.
Thank you.
Sebastian.
I was looking for Alec.
Yeah, as was I.
(PHONES BEEPING)
And now we've found him.
Urgent briefing
at the Ops Center.
Perfect timing, huh? Yeah.
Yeah, perfect timing.
♪
(DOOR CLOSING)
♪ We're coming ♪
♪ After you ♪
♪ This is the hunt ♪
♪
Synced & Corrected by
Dragoniod - www.addic7ed.com
- (SIMON LAUGHING)
- MAIA:  OK, but next time,
I get to control the
steering of the paddle boat.
Those ducks are gonna be
fine, I told you!
Only because they
narrowly missed you
at the last second!
Well, you know,
I was helping them! Um...
I was... I was honing
their survival skills.
Ducks are getting
very lazy these days!
(LAUGHING) OK. What?
Full moon.
Should I be worried?
Yes.
Very.
(SCREAMING)
(SNARLING)
(WHIMPERING)
Oh, my God.
(SNARLING)
(WHIMPERING) What just happened?
What kind of dog was that?
Oh! Oh, God! I don't wanna die!
You're not gonna die, OK?
We're here to help you.
What's your name?
Um...
Bartholomew Velasquez.
People call me Bat.
OK Bat, can you stand?
(GROANING)
We've gotta find the
wolf that did this.
I already know.
(GASPING)
(IZZY SIGHING)
Sorry I'm late,
I've been looking everywhere for Max.
Has anyone seen him?
JACE: Have you tried the armory?
He's probably
sharpening his blades
for his first assignment.
(SIGHING) I checked.
We have more pressing matters.
ALEC: Thanks to Dot's help,
we now have the Mortal Mirror.
And you have it
at the Institute,
and it's...
well-guarded, I presume?
The Elite Guards are the only
ones who know its location.
ALEC: It's safest that way.
Jonathan went after Elliot
and Dot to get the mirror.
Now that he knows we have it,
he's going to come back for it.
Agreed. Report back with
any possible scenarios
by which Jonathan and Valentine
could attempt a breach.
JACE: OK.
(SIGHING) Is everything OK?
You told Magnus
about the Soul Sword.
Didn't you?
Wow.
That bad.
Milady,
I now present to you Magnus Bane
and Lucian Greymark.
So the Clave lied and
Valentine has the sword.
Is anyone surprised?
Milady. We agree that it's time
to take charge of our destiny.
We've come to accept your
offer to unite the Downworld
- to hunt Valentine.
- Good.
But we do it our way.
No more playing by
the Clave's rules.
With all due respect
your Highness,
we didn't come here to start
a war with the Shadowhunters.
The Shadowhunters want us dead.
You think it's an accident
they lost Valentine?
I don't trust the Clave,
but I trust Clary.
She told me that she and Jace
recovered the Mortal Mirror
to protect the Downworld
from Valentine.
Your love for the
Shadowhunters weakens you.
That's why your pack
has lost so many wolves.
My pack's losses
are because of Valentine.
After the lies your
boyfriend told you,
surely you're on my side.
Magnus,
we came here to stop Valentine,
not make new enemies by
breaking the Accords.
Don't let your crush get in the
way of protecting your people.
I beg your patience, your Grace,
but breaking our allegiance
to the Shadowhunters
is a...
step that requires consideration.
Decide quickly.
(ETHEREAL MUSIC)
Once all the petals on
this rose turn black...
your time is up.
And remember,
those who don't
come to my side...
will be on the losing side.
♪
Milady.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
♪
Max, where are you?
If you're out on mission alone,
I'm gonna whip your...
(TENSE MUSIC)
♪
(GASPING) Oh, God!
Max, can you hear me? Max!
SOMEONE GET A MEDIC!
I tried using an Iratze
rune to wake him,
but nothing's working.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
I found him like
this in my room.
Oh, my God... Max...
We should send him to Idris.
See what they can do.
The medics said that
in his condition,
he won't be able to
survive the transfer.
Max...
We checked the Institute's
security camera footage.
Whoever attacked him is
somehow covering their tracks.
Has he been able to talk?
(IZZY SIGHING) Not yet.
He's unconscious.
I don't understand.
Who would want to hurt him?
I don't know.
- But I'm going to find out.
- Hey. Hey.
JACE: Look,
get Robert and Maryse here.
The rest of us...
we'll find who did this.
Yeah, I'll stay with Max.
If he regains consciousness,
perhaps he can ID his attacker.
(PHONE RINGING)
(SIGHING)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(PHONE RINGING)
MAGNUS: Cream or sugar?
(GROANING) Did I fall asleep?
We both did.
On separate couches. Never fear.
I should have never taken you
up on your offer for drinks.
In hindsight,
liquor might have been a bad idea
after being drained
of all my magic
to heal your friend Luke.
Not my friend.
He's Clary Fairchild's.
I've only known her five days
and she's already more
trouble than she's worth.
You're more than just a pretty
face, aren't you?
What is that supposed to mean?
You shared your strength
with me to help your friend.
It's rare to find a
Shadowhunter with such a...
open heart.
I trust you.
I don't know why.
But I do...
(SIGHING) What time is it?
I have to get back
to the Institute.
Stay for breakfast.
I conjure up a mean
Belgian waffle.
No.
And if you let anyone know
that I slept here last night...
Relax.
My reputation's on the
line just as much as yours.
I'd lose all my credibility
if my people found out
that I let a Shadowhunter
spend the night.
Then why'd you
let me sleep here?
Trust makes you
do strange things.
(INHALING DEEPLY)
Must be something in the air.
(AMBIENT MUSIC)
♪
(OIL SIZZLING)
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
OLLIE: Definitely the
steamed dumplings.
Ooh, and some fried wontons.
No. Two orders.
Because you always
say you don't want any
- and then you eat all of mine.
- What?
- (LAUGHING) You do!
- I see she drives you crazy, too.
Luke! Guess were both
in the mood for Chinese.
What a coincidence.
This is Sam. My other partner.
Nice to finally meet
the famed Luke Garroway.
- Hi.
- SAM: Ollie's constantly gushing
about how she hit the jackpot
- on getting you as her mentor.
- (SAM AND OLLIE LAUGHING)
Hey, uh, we need to talk.
Ooh, I remember her.
The girl who's not your girlfriend?
Enjoy your wontons.
- What's up?
- It's Russell.
When he left for Philly,
I thought he'd be gone for good.
But he's back.
And he scratched a mundane.
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
- (SIGHING)
- How are you feeling?
(GASPING) Not so good.
Look...
I appreciate you
guys helping me,
but I think I need stitches
and definitely a rabies shot.
(GASPING)
Shouldn't I go to an ER?
I just called the paramedics.
They should be here soon.
What are we going to do when
the paramedics don't show?
Well, we'll know soon
enough if we even need 'em.
OK. Not to sound...
judgy, but is this really how you guys
normally do this? You...
you know, hold a scratched
mundane hostage until they turn?
I mean, normally we just
secretly follow them
to see if they turn
at the next full moon.
MAIA: We can't exactly pull
someone out of their lives
and be like, ¿Hey,
you might be a werewolf.
Bat's an exception.
Luckily with the full moon,
we won't have to wait for long.
LUKE: You sure
you're up for this?
LUKE: Maia?
I'm good, yeah.
Alright.
You and Simon wait
here with him.
I'll take care of Russell.
From the traces of
blood outside the door,
it seems Max was...
attacked somewhere else,
and then he came here.
He was probably
looking for help.
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
♪
(SIGHING)
Clary...
SEBASTIAN: What did you find?
The box my mom used to
keep Jonathan's things in.
It was right where
Izzy found Max.
I remember Max had
his eyes on it.
He was so determined
to prove himself...
It's possible he found a way
to use the box to
track Jonathan.
Wait, all of this would mean
that Jonathan found a way
to get inside the Institute
- without us even knowing.
- Well, he's Valentine's son.
We were trained to
do the impossible.
If Jonathan attacked Max
and he came for the mirror...
He wouldn't have
left here without it.
Alec, he could still
be in the building.
Listen, we have to
confirm he's still inside.
We saw what the real
Jonathan looks like.
He will be glamoured
as one of our own.
Hiding in plain sight.
OK. OK, Sebastian.
I want you and any
other personnel
on supplemental guard duty.
Effective immediately,
the Institute's on lockdown.
Wait. Wait. We'll need to
fortify security outside
as well.
I can spearhead that team.
No I have it covered.
If Jonathan's still
in the building,
he's not getting out alive.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(DISTANT SIRENS)
(RAGGED BREATHING)
(GASPING) Where
are the paramedics?
They're coming. They're coming.
But don't worry man,
you look a lot...
you're looking...
- you're looking better.
- MAIA: I know.
- Where'd you go? He's getting worse.
- I know!
(GROANING)
(GASPING)
- What are you doing?
- Hey. I'm really sorry,
but... what's happening to you,
it happened to me, too, OK?
This is for your own good.
Is restraining him
like this necessary?
He's turning, Simon.
Can you kill the lights?
It's like...
sensory overload for wolves.
Did you just say wolf?
What do you mean, a wolf?
What's happening?
Just do it!
(LABOURED BREATHING)
Where's the damn mouth guard?!
What are you doing?
What do you need?
(RAPID BREATHING)
It's so he doesn't
bite his tongue off.
- Does that seriously happen?!
- (GROWLING)
That was a good idea.
(SNARLING)
Alright OK.
Is there anything we can do?
(SNARLING)
(BONES CRACKING)
I'll tell you what we can do.
We can get the hell out of here!
They say that maybe
you can hear me,
(INHALING SHARPLY)
I want you to wake up, OK?
Open your eyes and wake up, Max.
(SIGHING)
SEBASTIAN: Sorry to interrupt.
It's OK.
(MACHINES BEEPING)
SEBASTIAN: How's the
little fighter doing?
- Is there any progress?
- I'm still waiting
to hear back from Brother Enoch.
But Max already defied the odds
in surviving Jonathan's attack.
If anyone can make it, he can.
Look, Izzy, you need to take
care of yourself as well.
You should take a break.
Um...
thanks, but I can't leave him.
Look, just a few minutes...
will do you a world of good.
And... I'll watch Max
while you're gone.
IZZY: I... could use a break.
Thank you.
- Oh, Max!
- Mom!
(SIGHING)
Dad!
Your father and I spoke
with Brother Enoch.
He says warlock
magic can't heal Max.
Our only hope is to
allow the Silent Brothers
to... attempt a procedure
that they only use
in rare emergencies.
Kind of like a...
rebooting of the brain.
Does it involve any risks?
I'm afraid so.
Very few Shadowhunters
have survived it.
IZZY: And you still
think we should do it?
If we don't,
Max will never wake up.
I'll be praying for your son.
(RAINFALL)
(THUNDER)
♪
♪ Hold me while I fly ♪
♪ Until I leave soon ♪
(BOTH GIGGLING)
♪ Truth is, I'm used to ♪
♪ Making it up on my own ♪
♪
♪ How long will I fly ♪
- That was graceful.
- Shadowhunter.
♪
♪ Don't go wide eyes ♪
♪ Are confident ♪
♪ No, it's not the end ♪
What?
Am I doing something wrong?
No such thing.
ALEC: Well, then...
What? Do you not want to?
No. I mean, yes.
Of course I do.
Magnus, what is it?
It's just... sometimes...
I lose control.
Magnus...
they're beautiful.
You're beautiful.
- (KNOCKING)
- ALEC: Magnus!
I know I have no right
to ask you for favours.
But I need you.
It's Max.
I don't know when
I'm getting home.
Hopefully soon.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
I love you, too.
(GRUNTING)
Where is the Mortal Mirror?
(CHOKING)
As you wish.
But your wife and son
will both be next.
(CHOKING)
I think it's in the sub-cells.
Look for Stillwater.
(CHOKING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(MUSIC FROM TELEVISION)
♪
(BOTTLES CLATTERING)
- Luke.
- Hey man, get up.
It's going down.
- (SNARLING)
- Welcome.
Would you like a beer?
You should've stayed in Philly.
I'd appreciate it if you
handed over the new guy
if he turns.
We don't recruit by
turning mundanes.
Not if we do things your way.
When times turn dark,
rules are what bind
us to our humanity.
Right, well...
From what I hear,
the pack is starting to realize
that humanity won't
keep us alive.
What they want...
is a leader who's
willing to fight.
Don't do this, Russell.
No. Let's do this, alpha.
But since you're
all about the rules,
let's do it by the book. Huh?
To the death...
for pack leader.
(GRUNTING)
(INDISTINCT SPEAKING)
OH! Ooh!
AH!
AHH!
(CHEERING)
(GROANING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
Come on, man! Get up!
(RUSSELL GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
It's really going down.
He's gonna kill him.
(TENSE MUSIC)
♪
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
The rule is to the death.
Time for new rules.
(ALL GROWLING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
And one works of the Shu.
Mhm.
Actually, you know what?
Just make it six.
OK.
Wow! That's more than my mom
orders for our entire family
- on Christmas day!
- (CHUCKLING)
Well, when you first turn,
you are hungrier
than you've ever been
in your entire life.
Is that from the
wolf that turned you?
I'm sorry.
I know that's not your
favourite subject.
You know,
I knew the person who turned me.
That boyfriend I was
telling you about?
His name was Jordan.
He was the first boy
who made me feel...
beautiful.
And for a while,
life was beautiful.
Then he started getting...
weird, and...
possessive,
so I broke up with him.
And I started
dating someone else.
Nothing serious.
But I was on my way home from a
date, and...
it was raining.
And so I tilted my head back.
And next thing I knew, I was...
face down in the mud.
(SIGHING)
First I thought it
was a rabid dog.
It was clawing...
and ripping at my skin.
And I was screaming and just
begging him to get off of me.
And that's when the wolf started to
change, and it was...
Jordan.
(INHALING DEEPLY)
He just backed up, and...
ran off and left me
there, alone.
And I...
I can't help but think that...
every time I turn, it...
this...
is what love got me.
Maia, I'm so sorry.
Um... I'm gonna
go check on the food.
Hey, Izzy...
How's Max?
Brother Enoch said if we don't move
fast, it could be too late.
I need to get back
to the infirmary
but I got your message
about Jonathan.
What do you need?
(SIGHING) Your whip.
You look like a
man on a mission.
Winthrop Gold is missing.
My guess is that Jonathan's
closing in on the mirror.
(SIGHING) I'm gonna go
and guard it myself.
(ELEVATOR OPENING)
That's, uh... brave.
Jonathan and I were both
trained by Valentine.
If anyone can take him
down, it's me.
Anything?
(DOOR OPENING)
MAGNUS: His injuries
are too severe.
Max's only hope for recovery
now lies with Brother Enoch.
There's gotta be something...
anything.
Brother Enoch.
- No!
- Alec...
I know you're scared.
We all are.
But if Max is going
to have any chance,
we need to let Brother Enoch
do this. Now.
(PIANO MUSIC)
♪
(SIGHING)
Good morning.
Morning.
Oh man, what time is it?
I have to get to the Institute.
- Oh...
- No, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
(BOTH SIGHING)
Were you really
afraid I was gonna go?
No.
(CHUCKLING)
(SIGHING)
What are you afraid of?
- Acid washed jeans.
- Oh, come on, Magnus.
(CHUCKLING)
I'm serious.
You're an all-powerful warlock
who can summon demons.
You've lived through
centuries of war.
And you're immortal.
What scares you?
The key to having no fear is...
having nothing to lose.
I don't know.
I guess that's why I haven't
opened my heart up
for almost 100 years.
♪ I've been searching high ♪
Then I met you.
♪ I'm searching
low in the night ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
♪ Does she know that
we bleed the same ♪
♪
(WATER DRIPPING)
(PHONE BEEPING)
_
Take command.
(ELEVATOR DINGING)
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(SHADOWHUNTERS GROANING)
(ELECTRONIC MUSIC)
♪
(GRUNTING)
Ahh!
(GROANING)
Stillwater... Stillwater...
Stillwater... Still...
Ahh!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
♪
[SIRI TONE]
CLARY: If you need to leave the
Institute, please step forward.
CLARY: Thank you.
You're free to go.
(MAN): Please step forward.
Has the lockdown
been called off?
If you can prove
you're not Jonathan.
Ahem... sorry, what?
We figured out a way
to blow his cover.
Jace remembered reading
in Valentine's journals,
Jonathan can't
tolerate Electrum.
Right, because of the...
demon blood.
Mhm.
Valentine wrote that
he'd scream in pain
the second it touched his skin,
it... burned straight
through to the bone.
So I extracted some
Electrum from Izzy's whip.
And we're having everyone
hold it to see if they react.
Well, I'm very impressed.
It seems Jonathan's
finally met his match.
Don't take it personally.
If you have to leave...
just hold this
for a few seconds.
I was just, um...
wondering, actually, um...
If you caught Jonathan...
you wouldn't kill
him, would you?
(SIGHING)
I used to believe that
Jonathan could be saved.
But after what he did to Elliot,
and Dot, and now Max...
I'll kill him with my bare
hands if that's what it takes.
(SIGHING)
Well then.
Shall we?
Where is he?
What happened?
What are you talking about?
Max. I got your text.
ALEC: What text?
Jonathan. Sound the alarm!
(BEEPING) Son of a bitch.
There you are.
I guess I passed your test.
See you later.
Sebastian! Hey!
Hey. You forgot something.
(GROANING)
Guards! Go, go, go!
- (BANGING)
- GUARD: OPEN UP!
- (GASPING)
- GUARD: ARE YOU OK?
Let's go around to the front!
The door's jammed!
After ten years of
torture in Edom,
I learnt to endure pain.
(LABOURED BREATHING)
In fact, I rather enjoy it.
(GRUNTING)
I wanted you...
and the mirror.
But if I can't have both...
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
AH!
- I see it!
- Right in here! Right in here!
- JACE: Clary! Are you OK?
- ALEC: Go after him!
- Where's Jonathan? I don't know.
- He got away somehow.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Did he get the mirror?
No.
And no one is ever going to use
it to destroy the Downworld.
- What are you doing?
- Nullifying its powers.
Like I did with the Soul Sword.
(RUSHING AIR)
What just happened?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
You know, if you have stuff to
do, that's OK.
- I can take over with Bat.
- No, uh...
I wanna be here.
I'm not good at the
whole trust thing...
Letting people in.
And I'm not good at the
whole giving up thing.
Plus, someone has to improve
my paddle-boat skills
and protect all those ducks.
(CHUCKLING)
(ROMANTIC MUSIC)
♪
I have the key!
(CHUCKLING)
♪ You're scared ♪
♪
♪ This fear in my head ♪
♪ Has been there for too long ♪
♪
♪ We sleep now ♪
♪ Then lay low ♪
BAT: Help...
♪ Shadows make shapes ♪
♪ In the light,
and I don't know ♪
♪ What they might make ♪
(HEAVY BREATHING)
This can't be happening...
You're not alone.
I promise.
♪
How'd it go? Is he OK?
- (SIGHING)
- IZZY: He's OK, Alec.
♪ So cover your toes ♪
♪ With the jacket
in your Rolls ♪
Did you catch Sebastian?
(ALL LAUGHING)
MARYSE: You almost died
and that's what you're
concerned about?
I should go.
Max, you take care of yourself.
♪ For a second it feels
like I believe it ♪
♪ 'Cause I forgot
the way that I felt ♪
♪
♪ I'm trying ♪
♪ I'm just trying to be brave ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
Magnus...
(SIGHING)
Thank you...
so much for being here.
I'm glad Max is OK.
(SIGHING)
I'm sorry.
I should've told you
about the Soul Sword.
I made a mistake.
But you and me...
We always seem to find our
way back to each other.
Magnus, I love you.
I love you, too.
But as a leader,
there are difficult
decisions I have to make
to ensure the
survival of my people.
And the only thing holding
me back from doing that...
is you.
No. No.
I can't have both.
Yes, you can. We can.
Wait, Magnus... wait.
We can figure this out.
You once asked me
what I was afraid of.
It's this.
I see you busting out
the Baijiu for the
new pack members?
I will never be OK with
Russell turning mundanes,
but you can't knock tradition.
And besides,
this was one of the few things
that got me through my
first couple days here.
- Hm.
- Other than you.
How's Bat doing?
MAIA: About as well
as can be expected.
- Hm.
- But I've got him.
Alright everybody! Listen up!
For those of you returning...
welcome back.
To those of you who are new...
I know you're feeling afraid.
And you won't have to
go through this alone.
Welcome, werewolves...
to the New York pack.
(ALL CHEERING)
To those of you who are new,
I know you are feeling afraid.
And you won't have to
go through this alone.
Welcome, werewolves,
- to the New York pack.
- (CHEERING)
Now do you believe me?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
♪
(SIGHING)
IZZY: Saving me from Azazel...
it must have all been
part of Jonathan's plan.
I was the one to bring
him to the Institute.
Don't.
We're all responsible for this.
At least now we know Valentine
can never get the mirror
and raise the Angel.
I'm not so sure.
Look,
even with our pure angel blood,
doesn't it seem strange
that Clary's runes
would be powerful enough to
destroy a Mortal Instrument?
And why didn't it
destroy the sword?
What if the mirror I destroyed
isn't the Mortal Mirror?
Then why would your mom give
it to the warlocks to protect?
Maybe she thought it was.
We all did.
Maybe whoever made it
wanted it that way.
To distract people from
finding the real one.
Uh, well,
the legend says that the mirror's
meant to not be easily found.
That the...
the angels hold the key...
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
The water.
It's a reflection.
What water?
What are you talking about?
I didn't destroy the mirror.
These visions I've been having,
they're a message
from the Angel...
The Mirror is Lake Lyn.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
♪
Synced & Corrected by
Dragoniod - www.addic7ed.com